today i'll be talking about a fantasy
action film called along with the gods be
ready for some spoilers ahead somewhere in the
population center of korea a large building is
burning in flames while a firefighter named
hong jumps out from the building trying to save
a civilian's life his rope is burned by
the breaking hit causing him fall quickly
onto the ground without landing on the safety
caution his entire life flashes before his eyes
but surprisingly the man is able to wake up after
saving the little girl room being killed he gets
up and rushes towards the girl's family trying to
see if the victim is hurt but no matter how hard
he talks no one seems to be responding suddenly he
hears a voice calling his name from offer and sees
two people in suits smiling towards him amidst the
chow hong tries telling them to step away from the
falling debris but soon notices the firefighters
trying to save a man who looks exactly like the
main character himself the woman named jun
tells hong that he's paragon before he died and
they are here to assist him through the seven
trials of judgments the other guardian called
mack tells him that their leader is waiting for
them before the gets towards the trials and they
have to go there right now hong has trouble taking
all his information in and slowly walks away while
looking at his comrades moaning over his dead body
he screams that he can't die right now as he wants
to see his mother but the man's body begins
levitating in the air towards the joint portal
hong continues shouting about seeing his mother
while the guardians are tortures that he is so
caring towards his parents even after death they
arrive in different dimension where thousands of
people are heeding towards the guest of judgement
and home meets the guardian leader called rim
who's helped 47 souls to reincarnate in the past
century when the leader congratulates hong for
being a paragon the man looks away and declines
starting that he is not a good person at all
they enter through the gates of judgement but
are teleported to a nightmarish place full of
lava called the mountain of murder mug is shocked
to see their location and immediately questions
hong if he's killed someone in his life but the
man dennis having ever done something so terrible
dim explains that causing someone's death
incredibly true in action is called judged
by the trials which may be the reason that they
are here hong arrives on a stadium where large
doors on the ground opens up revealing a giant pit
field with lava the people who are punished try
desperately to climb out but they continuously
burn inside the sea or flames the prosecutors
begin the trial by accusing hong of not saving on
of his colleagues when he had the chance to do so
which eventually led to the man's death the demand
that hong suffers inside the lava pit for five
years in order to atone the scene of not saving
his friend lim defends the man by requesting to
closer examine on what really happened at the
incident apparently hong did try to desperately
save his friend at the scene but they couldn't
move the stone that the fire fighter was trapped
under after realizing the hopeless situation his
colleague told him to leave and save the other
civilians instead because of hogg's decision
he was able to save eight people that night
reem argues that the man's heroism should be taken
into consideration when judging his decision to
leave his friend behind seeing the man's bravery
at helping others the judge decides to exunate
him from the charges and allow him to pass on to
the next trials although hong has owned the first
hearing he is greatly affected by the reminder of
his colleague's death he demands to know why the
guardians are helping him as he doesn't believe
himself to be a paragon it turns out that the
guardians have their own agendas as they made
a deal with the king of hell who's called yamra
if the three are able to help 49 dead souls to
go through the trials and reincarnate within the
century they can also become humans as well they
eventually arrive at the trial of indolence where
june explains all the levers that hong has
completed the man has never been lazy through
out this life and always helped others no matter
where he went this even means knocking over a
beehives and subjecting his whole team to terrible
stings or rescuing some grumpy cat on the edge of
a building and breaking the owner's lamborghini
with his head the judge was so moved by hong's
contributions that she orders the prosecutors to
immediately build a statue in honor of the paragon
however when she inquires about why the man wanted
to live his life so fully hong replied that the
reason was simply for money upon hearing the man's
answer the judge quickly changes her verdict and
tells the prosecutors to send home into the
punishment where a giant machine's chases after
all the people guilty of indolence cursing their
bones and feeding them to the fishes the guardians
try their best to help their defendant and begs
the goddess to look closer at the man's life
the reason hong worked so hard to make money
was because he wanted to support his mother who
was sick and his brother who wanted to go to low
school hong worked so much that he often disregard
his own health and his desire for money is
therefore not due to selfishness after realizing
the man's true motivations the goddess finds that
home is not guilty as he only wanted to help his
family the group quickly bought the boat that will
take them to the next location but before they can
celebrate they notice that they are being pursued
by numerous monsters the team unleashes their
weapon and trials their best to defend against
the creatures they are able to defeat many of the
enemies by cutting them into pieces but the
captain eventually gets knocked over the ship
and barely hangs on mack is forced to defend
the ship all by himself while giving his leader
the chance to recover in the family moment max
strikes a large stone pillar that causes the rocks
to fall finally saving them from the monster's
pursuit the man explains that this can only happen
because a family of hong has died and became a
vengeful spirit in order to stop other monsters
from pursuing them in the future rim decides to
visit hong's family in order to find out the truth
about what happened he goes to hogs resident and
notices that the mother is clearly alive this can
only mean that it was the brother so who died and
turned into a vengeful spirit the evil aura tries
to run away while the guardian chases closely
behind rim tries to stop the spirit by catching
it using his weapon but the ghost managed to avoid
the attacks from behind the two eventually clashes
together and knocks the guardian away allowing
the spirit to disappear as rim looks disparately
for his prey the guardian follows the trial to a
military base where he noticed the soldier talking
about so and referring to him as a disaster what's
even more curious is that the captain and one of
his fellow soldiers is clearly hiding something
ream these glasses as a colonel of the army and
proceeds to question the captain about so accusing
him of killing the man surprisingly the captain
begins blackmailing the guardian out of fear which
further confirms that he is responsible for the
brother's death on the other side hong is being
questioned by the goddess of deceit and accused
of writing numerous false wills and test diamonds
for his colleague which he failed to save earlier
he gave this writings to the man's daughter lying
to her by pretending to be the girl's father
the goddess immediately orders the man to be tied
up and prepares to punish him by cutting off his
tongue luckily reem is able to connect to his team
through telepathy and argus for hong's actions
it turns out that he also wrote false letters to
his mother lying about how great his life is and
how wealthy he became reem argues that these
are all attempts to comfort the people that he
cares about by providing them hope that really
can't offer and allowing them to live on
upon realizing that hong did all this in order
to provide others a reason to live on the deity
forgives the man's crimes as the intentions were
never to harm after the trial riem lies to hong
and tells him that his families are doing fine but
quickly informs the team about the truth regarding
hong's brother dream goes back in time to see
what really happened on the off night sue's
death and realizes that his comrade dong shot the
man by accident after switching off the safety
dong called their captain right away and instead
of trying to save the dying man the soldier
decides to bury sue and hide the evidence so that
his promotion would not be soiled jim looks at
the body of sue and realizes in shock that the man
was actually not dead forcing him to remember the
memories from his past where his father was also
buried alive at the same time hong has arrived
the hell of injustice where the people are frozen
for years in order to pay for their crime of not
helping others thankfully hong's profession as a
fighter means that he will not be judged here but
instead be allowed to move on to the next location
during the ride inside the cable car it's revealed
that the guardians all have their memories arrived
except for their leader rim mack tries to stop his
teammate for revealing anymore about their
limitations but accidentally informs hong
that his brother is in fact the vengeful spirit
upon realizing the truth the man's unstable psyche
shakes the entire rim and breaks the table
car nearly dropping his guardians below but
hong is able to pull himself together in the
last moment and offers to help his teammates
the three eventually arrives in the hill of
betrayal where a beautiful goddess judges the
people who betrayed their loved ones by trapping
them in a mirror and shattering the victims
luckily hong was a paragon in his lifetime and
did not betray anyone allowing him to move on
safely from his location as well at the same
time rim is able to find the vengeful spirit in
a night club where he is trying to kill one of
soldiers who buried him alive the guardian chases
after sue right away and they
fight continuously in the air while
flying through the city rim is able to capture the
spirit by setting a trap and trying him onto the
building using as a magic group the guardian
tells the spirit that he needs to forgive his
killers in order to be reborn or else he will be
destroyed forever but this only served to remind
sue about how he was buried alive and betrayed
by his best friends causing him to scream
in rage and break free by creating a massive shock
wave on the other side after drinking numerous
amounts of alcohol dong has decided to give the
location of the body to sue mother unable to bear
with the guilt any longer the woman open the map
and finally sees the location of his youngest son
while sue watches everything from behind
his mother the vengeful spirit goes to him
and tells the guardian that he has decided to
forgive dong after seeing the soldier's guild
and how the location of the body was given to
the mother sue begs the guardian to act like a
medium so that he may talk to dong for the
last time promising that he will go through
the trials afterwards the spirit talks through
the man and tells the soldier that he forgives him
and do not waste any more new tears on something
from the past meanwhile hong has reached the hell
of violence and sees a giant hole in which they
must jump into in order to reach the trials the
man falls into the massive opening and crashes
into a giant rock but mack is able to catch his
teammate and lead beside hong however hong slides
towards the two and knocks them over by accident
causing them to free fall once again towards the
bottom of the pit musk rushes towards the two
while hong is able to grab the girl and tries to
save her from the crash just like before he died
surprisingly their fall is quickly stopped at the
last moment after reaching the bottom the trial
of violence begins and the prosecutors accuse
hong of beating up his brother in high school
this action was especially unforgivable as
the young boy was suffering from malnutrition
due to how poor the people was at the time in fact
hong never sought out forgiveness after the fight
as he ran off away from his family the very next
day and never went home ever since the judge
decides quickly that the man is guilty of violence
towards his own family and plans to send him into
a pit where people are constantly hit by rocks
as punishment saying that home is about to be
sentenced june quickly demands the judge to hold
off the conviction and look at the final trial
together with the current one as they are closely
related this play is very risky as it requires the
guardians to forfeit their powers in the afterlife
if hong was found to be guilty on the next trial
unfortunately the guardians quickly learned
the truth about what happened on that night
of the fight sue woke up after seeing his brother
kneeling before their mom and demands to know what
hong was doing but soon finds out that the boy was
trying to kill his own mother using a pillow so
tried to stop his brother immediately which caused
hong to eventually drop the pillow and begin
punching the young boy continuously with anger
it turns out that hong felt very hopeless
at that time of his life as their family
was so poor and his mother was gravely ill
the only way he believed that can end their
suffering was through death and nothing else this
is also why he felt extremely guilty afterwards
and ran away from home never returning to his
family ever again after hearing this the guardians
became hopeless as they realized that there is no
way they can win the trials now especially in the
final hell of filial empty at the same time dream
is trying to bring so towards his body so that he
the spirit can finally begin the journey towards
reincarnation as well when they arrive at the
military camp so is surprised to see that his
mother is here begging the soldiers to bring her
to her son's body the captain of the army says
that the rush is towards the woman ripping her
signs into pieces of pushing her into the ground
causing her to faint in the exertion so sees that
his mother is being attracted by his killer and
becomes engulfed in rage quickly turning into the
vengeful spirit that he was before he breaks free
from the restraints and grabs on to the guardian
throwing the man away using tremendous force so
far he becomes so intense that he turns into a
giant tornado engulfing all the soldiers in the
area and opening a gateway towards the afterlife
itself the vengeful spirit tosses everything
around the creating massive chaos while rim tries
desperately to save all the people from being
killed luckily mack is able to charge into the
living world through the portal and launches atsu
breaking at the giant statue and stunning the
enemy rim takes the chance and charges in as well
capturing sue using a magical rope and finally
putting a stop to the rampage meanwhile the trial
of hong beings at the other end as king yomra
himself decides to be the judge for the case
the deity charges the man with attempting
to murder his own mother and breathing his
brother in such a disparate time the king also
reveals that hong's mother actually knew about
her son's attempt to kill her but remained
silent and kept all this tragedy inside heart
which makes the man's crime even worse the deity
concludes that hong will be punished forever
in this hell as he tried to commit the worst thing
possible to killing the one who gave him life
suddenly the entire ring begins shaking as
a voice begins speaking to hulk's mother
it turns out that rheem has used his power to
allow sue to speak to his mother in a dream and
the son apologizes for his brother so tell the
woman that hong has worked non-stop for 15 years
in order to support them ever since that night
after feeling guilty for what he did surprisingly
the mother reveals that she has forgiven her son a
long time ago and apologizes herself for not being
able to provide for her children hong hears this
and falls into tears while the king himself has
been moved by their display or family the deity
decides that he can no longer charge hong for
his crimes as the victim has forgave him a long
time ago thus allowing the man to be reincarnated
hung hears this and bows towards june thanking
the guardians for helping him through the journey
before disappearing into the bright lights back
in the mortal room rim has decided to bring su
as their 49th reincarnation planning to
achieve their deal for the king so that
they can be reborn as well the group
arrives inside the hell of filial mpt
in front of numerous demands and charges towards
the enemies in order to open a way to the king
of hell himself so what do you guys think about
this movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press like and
subscribe for more i'll see you guys next time